Intro update (#32)
discord-userdoccers/discord-userdoccers: pages/intro.mdx

# Introduction

> You’ve found the Unofficial Discord User Documentation! These pages are dedicated to showing you all the ways that you can use Discord to make cool stuff.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You’ve found the Unofficial Discord User API Documentation! These pages are dedicated to showing you all the ways that you can use Discord to make cool stuff.
```

All of our [documentation is on GitHub](https://github.com/discord-userdoccers/discord-userdoccers) and we <3 corrections and improvements!

## Bots and Apps

> Bots and apps are not the focus of this documentation set, users are! If thats what your looking for head over to [Discord's Offical Documentation](https://discord.com/developers/docs/intro)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Bots and apps are not the focus of this documentation set, users are! If interactions are what you're looking for head over to [Discord's Official Documentation](https://discord.com/developers/docs/intro).
```

Discord offers an open API to serve requests for users, bots and OAuth2 integrations. So whether you’re making your own `!dmall` command or looking to [`Aggregate Emails`](/topics/oauth2/), we’ve got you covered.

So go do it! Go! Go [make an account](/resources/auth) and do something awesome.

-- Random Alien

> ** btw automating user accounts is "against tos" 🙄 ikr, so just a heads up doing so might get you banned **

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note:** Automating user accounts is *against ToS*, 🙄 IKR, so just a heads up doing so unsafely might get you banned.
```

# Introduction

You’ve found the Unofficial Discord User API Documentation! These pages are dedicated to showing you all the ways that you can use Discord to make cool stuff.

All of our [documentation is on GitHub](https://github.com/discord-userdoccers/discord-userdoccers) and we <3 corrections and improvements!

## ⚠️ Note

> This documentation is not affiliated with or endorsed by Discord in any way. It is a community effort to document the API as it is used by user accounts, and is not an official source of information. Automating user accounts is _against ToS_ (🙄 IKR), so just a heads up doing so unsafely might get you banned.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This documentation is not affiliated with or endorsed by Discord in any way. It is a community effort to document the API as it is used by user accounts, and is not an official source of information. Automating user accounts is against the platform Terms of Service, so just a heads up: doing so unsafely might get you banned.
```

## Scope

Bots and interactions are not the focus of this documentation set, users are! If interactions are what you’re looking for head over to [Discord’s Official Documentation](https://discord.com/developers/docs/intro).

> Discord offers an open API to serve requests for users, bots, and OAuth2 integrations. So whether you’re making your own `!dmall` command or looking to [`Aggregate Emails`](/topics/oauth2/), we’ve got you covered.

Reviewer 2: Do we really need this?

Reviewer: No but the intro page doesn't have much content

Reviewer 2: True, maybe we could look at rewording this so as not to mention specific dodgy activities?

Reviewer: Maybe 👽

> So go do it! Go! Go [make an account](/resources/auth) and do something awesome.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
So go do it! Go! Go make something awesome.
```

Reviewer: Eh I kinda like the auth link

> -- Random Alien

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
-- Discord User Documentation Maintainers
```

Reviewer: What are you doing with the 👽 😔

Reviewer 2: it sounds unprofessional 👽

Reviewer: We don't need to be that professional 👽
